[thethingsnetwork] Upgrade to TheThingsNetwork v3 (#32953)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/thethingsnetwork.markdown

  - Hub
  - Sensor
ha_release: 0.55
ha_iot_class: Cloud Polling
ha_codeowners:
  - '@angelnu'
ha_domain: thethingsnetwork
ha_platforms:
  - sensor
ha_integration_type: integration
---

> The `thethingsnetwork` integration allows one to interact with the [The Things Network](https://www.thethingsnetwork.org). This community-driven and open network supports [LoRaWAN](https://www.lora-alliance.org/) for long range (~5 to 15 km) communication with a low bandwidth (51 bytes/message). [Gateways](https://www.thethingsnetwork.org/docs/gateways/) transfers the received data from the sensors to The Things Network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `thethingsnetwork` {% term integration%} allows you to interact with the [The Things Network](https://www.thethingsnetwork.org) from within Home Assistant. This community-driven and open network supports [LoRaWAN](https://www.lora-alliance.org/) for long-range (~5 to 15 km) communication with low bandwidth (51 bytes/message). [Gateways](https://www.thethingsnetwork.org/docs/gateways/) transfer the received data from the sensors to The Things Network.
```

The Things Network supports various integrations to make the data available:

| The Things Network Integration | Home Assistant platform |
|---|---|
| [MQTT](https://www.thethingsindustries.com/docs/integrations/mqtt) | [`MQTT`](integrations/mqtt) |
| [Storage](https://www.thethingsindustries.com/docs/integrations/storage) | [`thethingsnetwork`](#setup) |
| [HTTP](https://www.thethingsindustries.com/docs/integrations/webhooks) | |

There is currently support for the following device types within Home Assistant:

> - [Setup](#setup)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- [Sensor](#sensor)

> ## Setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Prerequisites
```
